Team Number: 
    12-6
Team Name: Team TinderfyTM
Team Members: Name, github, email
    Amit Wieder, awieder, wiederamit@gmail.com
    Sree Harsha Kalavagunta, Harsha-Kal, sreeharshakalavagunta@gmail.com
    Nithin Manoj, Nithin-Manoj, nithinmanoj2006@gmail.com
    Riley Polchin rileyPo, rileypolchin@gmail.com
    Max Jambor, maxjambor, maxcjambor@gmail.com

Application Name:
    TinderfyTM

Application Description:
    This app would be a dating app with a similar UI other common dating apps on the market. The Yes and No 
feature (swipe left and right usually) common on other dating apps would be present in the UI. However, the
key difference between those apps and ours is the emphasis on matchmaking based on music taste. We think music
taste is a huge indicator of how compatible two people are. 
    In the app, users would choose their 10 favorite songs as well as fill out the rest of their profile. After their 
profile is complete, users with similar song choices would be recommended. A similarity score for songs would be displayed 
as well to help inform users whether to click yes or no on someone else. If two users click yes on each other they match.  

Audience:
    Our target audience would be college students and other adults who care about their music taste and our looking for partners. Usually,
when meeting someone knew, music comes up anyway, so our app aims to match people who can share and connect over songs. We would try and 
make our UI as intuitive as possible with general web design practices to increase usability and accessibility.

Vision Statement:
    To connect people and form long lasting relationships.

Communication Plan:
We will mostly rely on Slack for communication, making different groups for different features to improve communication and efficiency.

EXTRA CREDIT:
Risk 1: Passwords being leaked. In order to mitigate this risk we will hash the passwords in the database so that if our database is leaked, nobodies passwords will be revealed.
Risk 2: Catfishing. While there is no real way to mitigate catfishing completlety, users will have to submit a photo of themselves. Additonally since the app is mainly based around
music taste, catfishing will not be as prevelent as in other dating apps.
Risk 3: Harrassment. We will mitigate the risk of potential Harrassment by letting people report/block each other
Risk 4: Confusing user experience. Many applications risk being unintuitive or confusing. We will mitigate this by leaving our UI simple with obvious functions\
Risk 5: Bot users. We can mitigate an influx of bots by adding some form of captcha.